# My Reflection On Assignment 2
# Ethan Egerton-Graham 101220624

Before this assignment I had somehow never used grid before... I also made up media queries to be so much harder in my head then they actually are. Needless to say I now feel like I have a decent grasp of both and will definitely be using them in every website I make in the future. It took me around 25 hours+ to complete this website, with a lot of that time being spent learning and debugging problems I ran into. Notably I very foolishly spent like 4 hours trying to get the google language translator elements out of an iframe (not possible) and then finally had to cope with just leaving it as an iframe and hiding the overflow "powered by google" (probably slightly illegal if it wasn't a school project haha).

I tried making the website as responsive as possible by using a single column grid when below 750px width and a double or sometimes triple column grid when above 750px width. As for the gallery, I've already made lots of carrousel style galleries so I tried making a complex (to me) grid to display my images. I had lots of fun making the gallery and it helped me fully grasp how to make complicated grids for the future. The index and things-to-do pages have their titles printed on top of an image while the gallery and cultural-highlights pages have their page titles over a suddle grey background. I did this for variety in the pages, however I think moving forward I would stick to 1 style for a more consistent experience. Also, I used vw for all my fonts however after looking at many other websites after the fact, I think I'll move to using a set font size over all screen sizes moving forward as well.

In the end, I like the way my website turned out and now I really want to visit Barcelona... I once again found the instructions really clear and it made the work a lot easier to do. This project, although it took me way longer than it should've, was also a fun experience where I learned lots. I think something that could be a cool learning experience moving forward in class would be an analysis of the websites we made and going over ways to improve, industry standards that were or weren't followed, things done well, etc.